[WIP] Peer review chapter (#2180)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/communication/peer-review.md

> (cm-pr)=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(cm-peer-review)=
```

Changing the label to fit with style guide

# Peer Review

> (cm-pr-prerequisites)=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(cm-peer-review-prerequisites)=
```

## Prerequisites

| Prerequisite | Importance | Skill Level | Notes |
| -------------|----------|------|----|
| {ref}`Section Code Reviewing Process <rr-reviewing>` | Helpful | | We see code review as a part of peer review proces |

> | {ref}`Section Research Data Management <rr-rdm>` | Helpful |  | A part of review process involves reviewing the data on which the publication is based. KNowledge of Research Data Management can help with evaluation |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| {ref}`Section Research Data Management <rr-rdm>` | Helpful |  | A part of review process involves reviewing the data on which the publication is based. Knowledge of Research Data Management can help with evaluation |
```

| {ref}`Guide for Collaboration <cl>` | Helpful |  | We see review as a form of collaboration |

```{figure} ../figures/peer-review-process.jpg
---
name: Peer review
alt: The reviewer wolf really wants to be friends with the pigs, but the pigs perceive the wolf as a threat.
The pigs work amongst themselves (with their coauthors, colleagues, and office-mates) to improve their defenses against the world.
However, it is not until the pigs open their work to input from the entire community (including the wolf!) that they can build sturdy house.
Ultimately, the wolf and pigs work together to build a sturdy house that protects them all from the storm.
---
Illustration about peer review.
_The Turing Way_ project illustration by Scriberia. Used under a CC-BY 4.0 licence. DOI: 10.5281/zenodo.3332807.

```

> (cm-pr-summary)=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(cm-peer-review-summary)=
```

## Summary

> Peer review chapter coming soon.

Reviewer 2: Do you need to add a summary here now?

> (cm-pr-motivation)=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(cm-peer-review-motivation)=
```

## Motivation and Background

> Peer Review [{term}`def<Peer Review>`] should be seen as improving the quality of the research. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Peer Review [{term}`def<Peer Review>`] should be seen as process that helps to improve the quality of the research. 
```

Peer review can be formal or informal and ideally occurs at different levels throughout a project. 

> In the traditional publishing model, there was a lot of focus on the peer review process of a journal article.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Traditionally the formal peer review has been associated with publishing a journal article. 
```

> However, as the publishing models are changing, it is necessary to pay attention to other types of peer review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, new forms of peer review are emerging in publishing and also beyond in the research landscape.
```

> We want to hightlight that peer review happens on different levels throughout a project, and is an ultimate form of engaging with other people's work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We want to highlight that peer review happens on different levels throughout a project, and is an ultimate form of engaging with other people's work.
```
